{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red4\green49\blue99;\red38\green38\blue38;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1\fs28 \cf0 West of CityWalk you'll find dozens of "century homes," architecturally distinct Colonial, Craftsman and Tudor Revival structures with sweeping roofs, gables and expansive porches. Residents mail-ordered them from Sears and Montgomery Ward during the early 1900s\
"This is the kind of stuff that makes the community really strong. It makes it attractive," Neikirk said.\
But be clear: While this part of Ferguson has a diverse mix of residents traversing its streets, its historic buildings and well-kept landscaping are a contrast from the strip malls and $500-a-month apartments along West Florissant.\
Aside from broken windows at a liquor store and brake shop and a few other acts of vandalism, this side of town has remained relatively unscathed during the protests, perhaps because of the downtown police station. Or maybe because it's a mile from where Michael Brown lost his life.\
Whatever the reason, the residents along West Florissant yearn for a return to the normalcy that is still day-to-day life on the other side of town. They may get it. Thursday's and Friday's protests were some of the most peaceful yet.\
Some black residents, though, are skeptical it can stay that way, especially if {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.cnn.com/2014/08/22/us/ferguson-shooting-where-is-darren-wilson/index.html?hpt=hp_t2"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Darren Wilson}} isn't indicted.\
"If this police officer don't get no kind of charge," said the nurse, Pendelton, shaking her head at the potentiality, "they think it's chaos now?"\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\b \cf3 1. Signs of struggle
\b0 \
\'a0\
A friend of Wilson's called into a St. Louis radio show to say that Brown "bum rushed" Wilson and punched him in the face. CNN confirmed that account matches the one Wilson told authorities.\
\'a0\
But lawyers for the Brown family say the autopsy they commissioned showed no signs of struggle.\
\'a0\
To look for signs of struggle, pathologists pay special attention to the hands, forearms, feet and shins, looking for signs of abrasions, cuts and bruises.\
\'a0\
A bruise on the knuckles might indicate the deceased threw a punch, but a bruise would only show up if the punch was pretty hard, according to Dr. Pat Ross, a forensic pathologist in Newberry, South Carolina.\
\'a0\
And it would be hard to tell whether the bruise was from a fight with Wilson or from something else.\
\'a0\
"You really can't date a bruise exactly," Ross said. "It may have happened two hours ago or five days ago."\
\'a0\
Pathologists also look for another person's DNA under the fingernails to help determine whether the deceased person would have scratched the other person during a struggle}